{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red17\green133\blue131;\red241\green104\blue8;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c58824\c58431;\cssrgb\c96471\c49020\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26420\viewh17140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MergeCubeSDK V1.1.4 Beta 1 \
========================================================================= \
Support Unity 2017.2.0f2\
Support Vuforia 6.5\
Temporary disable tutorial, device permission management, in app recording module.\
========================================================================= \
MergeCubeSDK V1.1.3 \
========================================================================= \

\b MainSDK: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Remove User Account System. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0New Recording Plugin For Android. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Handle Camera and Photo Gallery permission pop up instead of all pop at beginning. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Handle device rotation between full screen mode and merge mode(VR mode). 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Build in merge native recording and permission plugin. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Add scan cube to begin when app open before any cube tracked. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Fix top menu bar size issue on android. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Flash light auto turn back on after app pause. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Fix UI size on ipad screen. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Bug fix: intro sequence. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Tutorial: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u9679  New tutorial handle full screen mode and merge mode(VR mode) will play different tutorial. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 MultiTarget: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Scale factor added to size the cube relative size. Hierarchy: 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 MergeMultiTarget \'adMergeMultiTargetScalerRoot 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Anything put under MergeMultiTarget will need manually size to the relative size. Anything put under \'93MergeMultiTargetScalerRoot\'94 will be auto resized to cube scale factor size on Merge Cube Core. !!!notice: Particle system will not be auto sized, particles require manual resize. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Scale factor located at prefab MergeCubeSDK\'ad>MergeCubeCore script. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0Tracking system now allowed to switch scene. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Merge multi target, MergeCubeSDK and vuforia will not be destroyed and keep tracking after switch scene. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u9679  MultiTarget only work with Retail Cube now. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 =========================================================================\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 MergeCubeSDK V1.1.2 \
========================================================================= \
Merge User Account: 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Merge User Account \cf5 is \cf2 optional to Use.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add documents \cf5 for \cf2 user account system.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add debug mode so user account will not popup all the time.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add user account documentation to explane how to use user account. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 GazeCaster:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Change when it \cf5 is in \cf2 full screen you can tap anywhere to \cf6 "click"\cf2 . 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 MergeMultiTarget:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add option DoNothing and DisableSelect. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 DoNothing will \cf5 let \cf2 you have full control how you want to handle your objects when marker find/loss tracking. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 DisableSelect will disable the gameobjects you \cf5 select\cf2 (refenced \cf5 in \cf2 scene) when loss tracking, and enable them when find. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 =========================================================================\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 MergeCubeSDK V1.1.1 \
========================================================================= \
Fix core issue.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Fix Merge User Account signin issue.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Update Merge Development Key system.\
 ========================================================================= 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 MergeCubeSDK v1.1.0 \
========================================================================= \
Brand \cf5 new \cf2 SDK system.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add Merge User Account.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add Multi Cube Support.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Add Multi Headset Support.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 New Tutorial.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 New Intro Sequence. \
========================================================================= \
Input Tool Scripts: How to Use: 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 GazeCaster:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Add \cf5 this \cf2 Gaze Caster \cf5 on \cf2 your ARCamera \cf5 in \cf2 the scene.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Set the lMask \cf5 in \cf2 the inspector to whichever layer you wish \cf5 for \cf2 gui collisions to occur. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 GazeResponder:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad This script \cf5 is \cf2 the \cf5 base interface \cf2 that you may inherit \cf5 from \cf2 to allow your scripts to accept gaze events \cf5 from \cf2 GazeCaster. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 BasicGazeButton:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad This \cf5 is \cf2 an example implementation of the GazeResponder. It behaves similar to a UnityEngine.UI Button.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach it and a box collider to an \cf5 object\cf2 , \cf5 set \cf2 its layer to the lMask defined \cf5 by \cf2 your GazeCaster, and then it will \cf5 do \cf2 anything you specify \cf5 in \cf2 the exposed Unity Events. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 GazeSpriteButton:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad This \cf5 is \cf2 an example implementation of the GazeResponder. It behaves similar to a UnityEngine.UI Button, with added functionality to swap sprites of an expected Image component.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach it, a box collider, and a UnityEngine.UI Image component to an \cf5 object\cf2 , \cf5 set \cf2 its layer to the lMask defined \cf5 by \cf2 your GazeCaster, and then it will \cf5 do \cf2 anything you specify \cf5 in \cf2 the exposed Unity Events.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Additionally, \cf5 this \cf2 script allows you to swap sprites based \cf5 on \cf2 your interaction with the button. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 InputRelativeRotation:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach \cf5 this \cf2 script to the ImageTarget. Then register to the OnRotationChange \cf5 event \cf2 to listen \cf5 for \cf2 changes \cf5 in \cf2 rotation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad This \cf5 event \cf2 call will happen every update. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 PointerControl:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach sprite renderer \cf5 object \cf2 to ARCamera to ensure reticle stays \cf5 in \cf2 place \cf5 on \cf2 screen. \'ad Attach script to your sprite renderer reticle. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 InputVelocity:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Register to the OnVelocityReached() \cf5 event \cf2 to receive the average direction once terminal velocity \cf5 is \cf2 reached. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 AndroidAutofocuser:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach \cf5 this \cf2 script to the MultiTarget \cf5 object \cf2 that handles tracking the HoloCube. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 BasicTrackableEventHandler:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Attach \cf5 this \cf2 script to the MultiTarget \cf5 object \cf2 within the scene. 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 CubeOrientation:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'ad Call \cf5 this \cf2 script\cf6 's OrientateToCamera function from another script by using the proper namespace: 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Merge.CubeOrientation.OrientateToCamera (Transform imageTargetLocation, Transform target); 
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \
}